here are this week's top movies from
director Clint Eastwood comes Sully
the incredible true story of an airline
captains heroic emergency landing this
is the captain
brace for impact am I ever going to
survive on this island in the family
adventure the wildlife Robinson Crusoe
teams up with a band of animals to save
their tropical paradise I'm gonna be a
father a surrogate mom turns stalker in
the steamy thriller when the bough
breaks should kill you baby today
what do you mind Joe you need to be
nicer to me this is my baby let's check
out this week's fantasy patient so
what's your weekend ticket going to be
let us know by commenting see you next
time on weekend ticket